Sufficent to close AA finding (#58)
cloud-gov/cg-compliance-docs: AU-Policy.md

---
# Procedures

Our audit procedures ensure we gather events to assess our security posture,
threat assessment, and support post-incident recovery and forensices. At a
minimum, we audit:

* Account management events;
* Object access;
* Policy change;
* Privilege functions;
* Process tracking;
* System events/errors;
* Administrator activity;
* Authentication/authorization checks;
* Data deletions, access, changes, and permission changes;
* Network flow logs;
* External network access;

> When making system changes we ensure we are auditing events to support these goals. To that end, audit records contain a certain minimum set of data elements in order to support after-the-fact-investigations. Each log file or container contains information sufficient to uniquely identify the logging source and the timestamp of the initial log record. All systems and services that generate log data have defined ownership, such that the responsible group or customer can be identified and contacted if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making system changes we ensure we are auditing events to support these goals. To that end, audit records contain a certain minimum set of data elements in order to support after-the-fact-investigations. Each log file or application instance contains information sufficient to uniquely identify the logging source and the timestamp of the initial log record. All systems and services that generate log data have defined ownership, such that the responsible group or customer can be identified and contacted if necessary.
```

Reviewer: Was thinking this might be clearer.
